Add new tutorial for contrast agnostic registration tutorial (#3831)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials/non-template-registration.rst

.. _non-template-registration:

> Non-template registration

Reviewer: I don't find this headings very intuitive. How about "Registration to image"?

#########################

> This section focuses on additional registration examples that involve co-registering two non-template images together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section focuses on additional registration examples that involve co-registering two images together. These two images can have a different contrast.
```
